Create tagged-releases.md (#436)
weather-gov/weather.gov: docs/product/tagged-releases.md

# Releases to beta.weather.gov

## How to release

Go to https://github.com/weather-gov/weather.gov/releases/new. Type your release version name like so:

<img width="807" alt="Screenshot 2023-11-22 at 10 10 02 AM" src="https://github.com/weather-gov/weather.gov/assets/142825699/d280f961-3cd3-4e82-9297-3fd2b7288c50">

The only requirement is that it is prepended with `beta-`. We use semantic versioning as major.minor.patch, but anything will release if it has the right prefix. 

Click "create new tag" - it will take you to a place to write release notes. Name the release the same as the tag. Then release! You can watch the steps here: https://github.com/weather-gov/weather.gov/actions/workflows/deploy-beta.yaml

## Release cheklist

As part of a release you may follow the following checklist: 

- [ ] Compare [staging](https://weathergov-staging.app.cloud.gov/) and [beta](https://beta.weather.gov/) for differences in configuration, content, and functionality
- [ ] Look at [commits to main](https://github.com/weather-gov/weather.gov/commits/main) and check what has been merged since the previous release

> - [ ] Write comprehensive release notes making sure to reference relevant pull requests

Reviewer: Is comprehensive just:

- What's changed
- What's new

Reviewer 2: Comprehensive is however much is appropriate to meet product needs. 😉

> - [ ] Do an accessibility review of what is on staging if anything functional or visual has been changed

Reviewer: How thorough of an accessibility review should be conducted? Just [our checklist](https://github.com/weather-gov/weather.gov/blob/main/docs/code-review-templates/code-review-web.md#accessibility)?

Reviewer 2: @colinmurphy01 This is a product question. 😉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Run through [the manual accessibility checklist](https://github.com/weather-gov/weather.gov/blob/main/docs/code-review-templates/code-review-web.md#accessibility) of what is on staging if anything functional or visual has been changed
```
